add enum docs (#379)
Laravel-Backpack/docs: 5.x/crud-fields.md

<a name="enum"></a>
### enum

> Show a select with the values from the ENUM. **Support both database enums and PHP enums** (introduced in PHP 8.1). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show a select with the values for an ENUM database column, or an PHP enum (introduced in PHP 8.1).
```

> ##### using database enums

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Database ENUM
```

When used with a database enum it requires that the database column type is `enum`. In case it's nullable it will also show `-` (empty) option.

PLEASE NOTE the `enum` field using database enums only works for MySQL.

```php
[
    'name'  => 'status',
    'label' => 'Status',
    'type'  => 'enum',
    // optional, specify the enum options with custom display values
    'options' => [
        'DRAFT' => 'Is Draft',
        'PUBLISHED' => 'Is Published'
    ]
],
```

> ##### using PHP enums

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### PHP enum
```
